Update WORKFLOW.md (#2221)
hoprnet/hoprnet: WORKFLOW.md

- All PR‘s must pass all status checks/tests before merging.
- Releases can be merged back to `master`, but not always necessary.
- When in conflict, chat and engage with the team.

> - An Epic must contain a problem, a solution, and a list of sub-issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Initially, an epic must contain the problem. Afterwards it needs to be updated to include the solution and reference the sub-issues. It must also state a DONE-criteria that can be checked before the epic is marked complete.
```

Author: I like the last sentence, thanks

> - An epic's solution must be approved before implementation starts.

Reviewer: How does the approval works? At least 2 persons agreeing that this is a solution?

Author: Will specify, thanks
